Note that IJulia must be installed in the global environment in README (#1128)
JuliaLang/IJulia.jl: README.md

that tells Jupyter how to launch Julia. You can then launch the notebook server the usual
way by running `jupyter notebook` in the terminal.

> Note that `IJulia` must be installed in Julia's global package environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `IJulia` should generally be installed in Julia's global package environment, unless you
install a custom kernel that specifies a particular environment.
```
